hey guys this is Sam and today we're
gonna be talking about the status of an
iOS 8 point 4.1 jailbreak the amount of
security updates in iOS 8 point 4.1 was
ridiculous when I saw the official
security threat I believe they were
around 30 bugs or security glitches
fixed with the release of iOS 8 point 4
point 1 meaning that 2 jailbreak iOS 8
point 4 point 1 say today is impossible
as nobody has yet created a jailbreak
for that specific firmware because I was
a point for point one in the exploits
patched patch some of the things used by
the Taiji team in their iOS 8.3 and iOS
8.4 jailbreak however we've got good
news and bad news as always I feel like
that should be the motto for the jabra
community in general at the hack pond
security conference 2015 that happened I
believe yesterday at the time of
recording this video the Pangu team
reportedly demoed a functional iOS 8
point 4.1 jailbreak running on an iPhone
6 on stage now as always when it seems
like any Chinese security event is
happening there is no video from this
conference there's no proof that the
packet of team actually has this show
break all that we've really got are the
pictures that you're seeing on screen
right now a member of the Pangu team or
members of the Pangu team we're
presenting something and from the looks
of it and from what they posted on there
why bow account this is the Google
translated version so please take this
with a grain of salt this is not how I
would read it this is how it's gonna
translate
simplified Chinese to regular so it's
basically saying that the Pangu team a
well known domestic security team demoed
an on-site jailbreak of Apple's iOS 8
point 4.1 software which is pretty
exciting but at the same time
I highly doubt the Pangu would actually
release this because number one there
would be no point to do that iOS 8 point
4 point 1 really adds no features over
iOS 8
for it adds some nice bug fixes and
improvements and yes I would love to
jailbreak it but at the same time it
would be so much smarter for them to
save these exploits used on Iowa's eight
point four point one and put them
towards the possibility of an iOS 9
jailbreak but as always I'd love to hear
your thoughts so let me know what you're
thinking down below in the comment
section would you rather see an iOS
eight point four point one joke right be
released right now today or would you
rather wait around a month for the
release of iOS 9 and see these exploits
used in the current Pangu iOS 8 point
four point one joke break and have them
put toward a huge software release like
iOS 9 at least for me I know I would
much rather see these exploits used for
a large software update like iOS 9 if
you enjoyed watching this video feel
free to drop a like down below and of
course subscribe for more content
related to jailbreaking this has been
Sam with I update OS hope you guys had a
great day and I will talk to you in my
next video